why Heidi then another people its bow
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
UPS trucks I don't normally like talking
about stuff like this this quickly
however half the message is more than
half the messages I got you might were
asking about this event okay I want to
start off by saying that there there are
things that could change some of what
I'm about to say the only reason I'm
willing to say that up front is because
this is out of character for this area
cops in Miami have a reputation it's not
a good reputation it's not a reputation
you would want for your department but
that reputation does not include them
being tactically stupid that isn't part
of it they have a whole other set of
problems they have to deal with but when
it comes to situations like this they're
normally very deliberate so this was
surprising happening there there are
other jurisdictions where I mean it
would have been normal coming out of
there it's very hot so I am willing to
to leave the door open to there being a
piece of information that hasn't been
made public yet okay so what happened
UPS driver and his truck got snatched
after an attempted jewelry heist the
pursuit involved 30 to 40 vehicles it
ended when the truck had to stop because
of traffic on the road at an
intersection at which point the officers
exited their vehicles and engaged and
the end result of that was the suspects
the driver and a bystander gone
let me tell you what I know about UPS
trucks they are full of sensors for UPS
knows when that back door opens UPS
knows when they put their seatbelt on
UPS knows where that truck is maybe that
failed maybe that was the reason for the
pursuit the way the way it occurred
under normal circumstances in a
situation like this it probably would
have been better to back off just out of
sight and allow them to think they've
escaped and then once they're away from
all of the other bystanders close in
again at which point you've regained
that element of surprise what do you
need to win something like this speed
surprise and violence of action you
can't have surprise when there's 30
blinking lights and the rearview in a
situation like this the primary
objective is the preservation of human
life not getting arrests not recovering
property
nothing except saving lives now when
they exited the vehicle when they exited
their vehicles and went to move in they
used by standard vehicles as cover and
using the vehicle as cover as more is
normal that's normal
however they're no it's normally your
own vehicle or an unoccupied one why do
you get behind cover so it can absorb
fire when you get behind an occupied
vehicle you are using them as a human
shield they can't believe they can't go
anywhere it's why the truck wasn't
moving
the fire directed at the vehicle was
less than accurate it was an immense
amount of fire and it was all over the
place there were a lot of issues here
some of which cannot be explained away
by information that we don't know yet
there's a saying everybody wants to be
an operator until it's time to do
operators stuff now normally when people
say that what they mean is people think
they want to do this until the first
time it gets loud and then they realize
this isn't really for them kind of a
everybody wants to be a door kicker
until they get to the door and realize
that on the other side of it isn't paper
this time when I say it I mean something
else I say with the understanding that
doing that type of stuff
the final 1% is pulling the trigger the
99% before that is planning logistics
and training planning logistics and
training failed here massively there
could be information that comes out that
mitigates some of that but not much
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night